README.md, before:

# NinjaTeam
Treasure Hunt

#Team Members: 

Alex Vanellis - Full Stack

Amir Al-salman - Design

Fadi Mohammed Nasir Aldawoud - Javascript

_Every member of the team contributes and learns every programming and designing parts of the application._

**! Ninja Team !** 

#MEETINGS:

-- Week 1 --

First meeting at Costa Coffee to discuss the treasure hunt project:
    Outcomes: 
        Amir - work more on the design part 
        Fadi - work more on the java-script part
        Alex - work on both design and java-script 

-- Week 2 --

Established Git Hub - Assigned Team Roles - Started sketching the website in Canva.
Amir Designed first prototype

-- Week 3 --

Teams Meeting ( Alex And Fadi ) 

Coding together through Team Viewer - editing Amir's initial html/css
Coming up with new design - pushed and submitted

FINDING OUT RESPONSIVE PROBLEMS

-- Week 4 -- 

Alex Designs an all platform responsive landing page

Committed and Pushed.

-- Week 5 -- (MS call 31/01/21 -> 9pm)

Amir ads spinning shuriken functionality 

Amir fixes the design on the landing page

Alex make the second page basic design

Alex implements display treasure hunts and provides basic input validation

Amir takes the basic design and makes it work on on plaftforms

Fadi works on the geolocation

Fadi works on the Google Maps Api 

Comitted and Pushed for Presentation 3/02/21

-- Week 6 -- (MS call 7/02/21 -> 9pm)

Amir and Alex fixed the Second page design after the presentation

-- Week 7 -- (MS call 14/02/21 -> 9pm)

Alex has implemented the initial question fetching version

MS Teams call to assign targets for next week

TODO: for Week 8

Alex -> implement questions functionality 

Fadi -> implement questions functionality 

Amir -> implement UI depending on questions type

Commit message:

Questions/Answer Implementation
Questions/Answer Implementation Functionality for the Presentation

README.md, after:

# NinjaTeam
Treasure Hunt

#Team Members: 

Alex Vanellis - Full Stack

Amir Al-salman - Design

Fadi Mohammed Nasir Aldawoud - Javascript

_Every member of the team contributes and learns every programming and designing parts of the application._

**! Ninja Team !** 

#MEETINGS:

**! Week 1 !** 

First meeting at Costa Coffee to discuss the treasure hunt project:
    Outcomes: 
        Amir - work more on the design part 
        Fadi - work more on the java-script part
        Alex - work on both design and java-script 

**! Week 2 !** 

Established Git Hub - Assigned Team Roles - Started sketching the website in Canva.
Amir Designed first prototype.

**! Week 3 !** 

Teams Meeting ( Alex And Fadi ) 

Coding together through Team Viewer - editing Amir's initial html/css
Coming up with new design - pushed and submitted

FINDING OUT RESPONSIVE PROBLEMS

**! Week 4 !** 

Alex Designs an all platform responsive landing page

Committed and Pushed.

**! Week 5 !**  (MS call 31/01/21 -> 9pm)

Amir ads spinning "Shuriken" functionality and fixes the design on the landing page. Also takes the basic design and makes it work on platforms.

Alex makes the second page basic design and implements display treasure hunts and provides basic input validation

Fadi works on the Geo location, and the Google Maps Api. 

Pushed for Presentation 3/02/21.

**! Week 6 !**  (MS call 7/02/21 -> 9pm)

Amir and Alex fixed the Second page design after the presentation

**! Week 7 !** (MS call 14/02/21 -> 9pm)

Alex has implemented the initial question fetching version.
MS Teams call to assign targets for next week.

TODO: for Week 8

Alex -> implement questions functionality 

Fadi -> implement questions functionality 

Amir -> implement UI depending on questions type 

**! Week 8 !**

Alex has implemented functionality for every type of questions and the submission of the answer.
Amir and Fadi working on the testing page and basic design for it.
